assignments/jayawardana/week-11-tweets-of-andrew-tate/README.md, before:

# Archived Tweets of Andrew Tate

### Step 1 - Obtain Archived Tweet URI-Ms
```bash

for TWITTER_HANDLE in "ofwudan" "cobratate" "masterfulpo"; do \
curl -sL 'https://web.archive.org/cdx/search/cdx?url=twitter.com/'${TWITTER_HANDLE}'/status/*&filter=statuscode:200&filter=mimetype:text/html&filter=original:^.*\/status\/\d\{18\}.*$' \
| tee cdx/${TWITTER_HANDLE}-1.txt; \
done

```

### Step 2 - Keep only the Oldest Memento
```bash

cat cdx/ofwudan-1.txt | \
awk '{print $2, $3, substr($3,36,18)}' | \
sort -k3 -k1 | \
uniq -f 2 | \
tee cdx/ofwudan-2.txt

cat cdx/cobratate-1.txt | \
awk '{print $2, $3, substr($3,38,18)}' | \
sort -k3 -k1 | \
uniq -f 2 | \
tee cdx/cobratate-2.txt

cat cdx/masterfulpo-1.txt | \
awk '{print $2, $3, substr($3,40,18)}' | \
sort -k3 -k1 | \
uniq -f 2 | \
tee cdx/masterfulpo-2.txt

```

### Step 3 - Get the Memento-Datetime and URI-R Fields
```bash
for TWITTER_HANDLE in "ofwudan" "cobratate" "masterfulpo"; do \
cat cdx/${TWITTER_HANDLE}-2.txt | \
awk '{print $1,$2}' | \
sort | \
tee cdx/${TWITTER_HANDLE}-3.txt; \
done
```

### Step 4 - Generate the URI-M for each Memento
```bash
for TWITTER_HANDLE in "ofwudan" "cobratate" "masterfulpo"; do \
cat cdx/${TWITTER_HANDLE}-3.txt | \
awk '{print "https://web.archive.org/web/"$1"/"$2}' | \
tee urims/${TWITTER_HANDLE}.txt; \
done
```

### Step 5 - Dereferencing the HTML of each URI-M
```bash
python -u extract-html.py ofwudan
python -u extract-html.py cobratate
python -u extract-html.py masterfulpo
```

Commit message:

update README.md of forensics study 1

assignments/jayawardana/week-11-tweets-of-andrew-tate/README.md, after:

# Archived Tweets of Andrew Tate

## Background
This repository contains the forensic study by Yasith Jayawardana on the controversial tweets that got Andrew Tate banned from the platform.
It contains the presentation done during class, and the web archiving forensics process (and files) followed to uncover his banned profiles and tweets.

### Step 1 - Obtain Archived Tweet URI-Ms
```bash

for TWITTER_HANDLE in "ofwudan" "cobratate" "masterfulpo"; do \
curl -sL 'https://web.archive.org/cdx/search/cdx?url=twitter.com/'${TWITTER_HANDLE}'/status/*&filter=statuscode:200&filter=mimetype:text/html&filter=original:^.*\/status\/\d\{18\}.*$' \
| tee cdx/${TWITTER_HANDLE}-1.txt; \
done

```

### Step 2 - Keep only the Oldest Memento
```bash

cat cdx/ofwudan-1.txt | \
awk '{print $2, $3, substr($3,36,18)}' | \
sort -k3 -k1 | \
uniq -f 2 | \
tee cdx/ofwudan-2.txt

cat cdx/cobratate-1.txt | \
awk '{print $2, $3, substr($3,38,18)}' | \
sort -k3 -k1 | \
uniq -f 2 | \
tee cdx/cobratate-2.txt

cat cdx/masterfulpo-1.txt | \
awk '{print $2, $3, substr($3,40,18)}' | \
sort -k3 -k1 | \
uniq -f 2 | \
tee cdx/masterfulpo-2.txt

```

### Step 3 - Get the Memento-Datetime and URI-R Fields
```bash
for TWITTER_HANDLE in "ofwudan" "cobratate" "masterfulpo"; do \
cat cdx/${TWITTER_HANDLE}-2.txt | \
awk '{print $1,$2}' | \
sort | \
tee cdx/${TWITTER_HANDLE}-3.txt; \
done
```

### Step 4 - Generate the URI-M for each Memento
```bash
for TWITTER_HANDLE in "ofwudan" "cobratate" "masterfulpo"; do \
cat cdx/${TWITTER_HANDLE}-3.txt | \
awk '{print "https://web.archive.org/web/"$1"/"$2}' | \
tee urims/${TWITTER_HANDLE}.txt; \
done
```

### Step 5 - Dereferencing the HTML of each URI-M
```bash
python -u extract-html.py ofwudan
python -u extract-html.py cobratate
python -u extract-html.py masterfulpo
```
